Parley Who Vertigo Pocket C.H.I.P Edition 2017-06-27
====================================================
by Josef Who & thp

http://josefwho.itch.io/vertigo

Parley Who Vertigo is a physical multiplayer party game played with 2 to 7
players. It combines short mini-games and some non-digital rules on top to
structure the experience. Parley Who Vertigo is an experimental non-screen game
using PS Move Controllers and is best to be played at local-multi-parties and
in public space.

Setup:

Lay PS Move controllers (you will need at least 2) on a table and gather around
in a circle. Mark controllers with coloured tape so everyone can easily
remember which controller belongs to whom. Be sure to have enough space to run
around the table comfortably without knocking something down.

Suggested Rules:

Everyone starts at a controller of their choice. This controller will be yours
for the rest of the game (thats where the tape is coming in handy). The
controllers blink green and the game begins when everyone is holding down
the PS Move button.

Next, everyone is putting their controller back down at the table while the
game picks and announces the next mini-game. Every mini-game has a short intro
displayed by the glowing ball of the PS Move Controller. After every mini-game,
the players put their controller down, and then go to the next PS Move
Controller on their left-hand side. Play the next mini-game, put down the
controller, then move one position to the left again and so on and so forth. Be
aware that the controller you started with will be yours for the rest of the
session. So if you are not playing with yours be sure that you don't score a
point. Scoring a point with a controller that's not yours will score a point
for the player that owns the controller in this session.

There a two exceptions to this go-to-the-left rule: if the mini-game "Safe
Cracker" (yellow) or "Shake It" (green) is announced you have to run back to
your own controller as fast as you can and play the game with your own
controller.

The player with the most points at the end wins the session.

You can always try to make up new rules to change the gaming experience. If you
come up with interesting ones please let us know in the comments, via twitter
or mail.

Minigames:

Who says! -- The PS Move controller picks a colour and you have to press the
according coloured button (Circle, Rectangle, Triangle, Cross) as fast as
possible. The first to do so gets a point. You only have one guess, so get it
right the first time.

Shake it! -- The PS Move controller becomes green, you have to shake it to
inflate an imaginary balloon till it pops. First to do so strikes a point.

Safe cracker! -- The PS Move controller turns yellow. Hold it in front of you
so that the trigger points away from you. You have to crack a safe by rotating
the controller till you feel its rumble (it only rumbles if you are NOT
pressing the trigger). If you found this sweet-spot press the trigger. First
player to trigger the sweet spot twice gets a point.

Freeze! -- The PS Move controller 's colour changes to blue. Pick it up quickly
while the intro is playing. When the intro is finished the controller gets
super-sensitive to motion. Hold it as steady as possible and try to
destabilize your opponents' controllers at the same time. Last one standing
strikes a point.

:wq
